Docs: secondary DNS Notify not yet implemented. (#6253)
miekg/coredns: plugin/transfer/README.md

 *  `to` **ADDRESS...** The hosts *transfer* will transfer to. Use `*` to permit transfers to all
    addresses. Zone change notifications are sent to all **ADDRESS** that are an IP address or
    an IP address and port e.g. `1.2.3.4`, `12:34::56`, `1.2.3.4:5300`, `[12:34::56]:5300`.

>     `to` may be specified multiple times. (Zone change notifications currently not implemented, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `to` may be specified multiple times.
```

...
```

Each plugin that can use _transfer_ includes an example of use in their respective documentation.

## Bugs

> Notification to secondary DNS servers is current not implemented (See [issue 5669](https://github.com/coredns/coredns/issues/5669)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Not all plugins support zone transfers and notifications using the _transfer_ plugin. Each plugin that does includes an example of use in their respective documentation. 
For example, notification are not yet implemented for the _secondary_ plugin (See [issue 5669](https://github.com/coredns/coredns/issues/5669)).

```
